you say do cars this is our fourth
annual bodybuilding a figure competition
today we have over thirty one thirty two
contestants various you know different
categories but each year the competition
has grown and gotten bigger you know to
the point where we're looking to move to
find you into a larger facility because
it's Polly he's gotten a little bit too
small yeah it was not hard work
definitely but um I have a great support
team Ramstein Air Base bodybuilding a
figure team so I didn't make a job a lot
easier but pretty much it's just a lot
of long hard I was in the gym a lot of
diets in cardio exercise
let me just disciplined about my self
motivation team motivation
for the female body but what we do we
come out and we do quarter terms and
that's the judges look at that for
symmetries see how symmetrical your body
is and then after that round you do the
mandatory poets like fun double biceps
side shelf
tricep whole rear poses things like that
then they take you're going off the
stage they bring you back on the stage
and you get your routine and in that
achieve you pretty much highlight you're
the strongest close to your body so he
try to accentuate for the judges for
your best part for FEMA for bodybuilding
the female fibers do not do the most
muscular fold always been male you can
do this one also knowing that because
I'm jolly scheme all up there for the
entire year overall they say well I can
do it too that's why I'm a funny and at
that point it's light-hearted because
everybody up there is a winner already
and it's fully overall the most muscular
but I didn't could be the guy to get
over all but it was a lot of fun
actually I think it had me number two
and overall category for the guy my
personal opinion figures across between
a bikini model and a bodybuilder were
just bikini model with muscle of I think
I really really enjoyed the competition
and I just the atmosphere of what
brought the waving on stage just
everything competition overall I would
say wasn't experience I learned a lot
about myself and also from the other
girl
the black surrounded by great people
like I am it makes a lot easier you know
the overall wonderful female
bodybuilders so them Rammstein over
already configured team Rammstein